00:00:00 Speaker 1
All right, so we're working in a directory that has a data folder. Within that data folder, we have a different sets of single machine scheduling instances that are essentially mimicking different types of behavior that we might see in a production environment, from rush orders to a backlog or steady order stream. And what we want to do is we want to conduct a study to see if we can identify a single strategy. For a construction and improvement heuristic, and understand the robustness of that particular strategy. So, specifically, what we want to do for the construction side of that heuristic, we want to consider a variety of dispatching rules. In particular, earliest due date, shortest processing time, critical ratio rule, and weighted shortest processing time. All right, and that's going to get us our construction inputs. So, taking those instances in, getting us an initial solution.
00:00:55 Speaker 1
And then we also want to include an improvement phase in that, where we're using neighborhood search. We want to consider, in particular, three different neighborhood structures: pairwise interchange, adjacent pairwise interchange, and subsequence reversal. What we want to do for each one of those combinations on those instances is to apply each combination of construction heuristic or dispatching rule and improvement mechanism, which will be those neighborhood search.
00:01:23 Speaker 1
Variations that we're wanting to see. We want to compare the performance of those, the schedules that are created by those, with respect to four different performance measures. In particular, the sum of completion times, the sum of weighted completion times, the maximum lateness, and the sum of weighted tardiness. All right. So for each one of our instances, we're going to look at that combination of dispatching rules to get us a constructed schedule, and then applying a neighborhood search to it. We're going to evaluate it across those performance measures. And they're going to do that across all of those instances. And then I want you to conduct some statistical analysis that helps us understand what are the trade-offs. So the goal of this is ultimately we want to understand if we could pick a single rule, a single dispatching rule to construct solutions, a single mechanism to essentially drive that improvement process. And by that I mean we're talking about the the neighborhood search pattern. We want to figure out which particular approach.
00:02:19 Speaker 1
Would give us essentially the best performance overall, right? So if maybe it's not the best on any one of the individual measures, but it loses the most when compared to one another. So I really don't know what the best way to visualize. In my mind, I have something like an efficiency frontier, or some type of a radar plot where I could compare two options and I could see on which dimension certain solutions are performing better or or worse. But overall, just you know. Help me kind of understand what would be the the right way and the right methods to help me do a proper comparison against all of these options, so that I can answer confidently the question of which one is most robust. All right. So, what I want you to do first, I want you to make a plan. Okay. So, come up with a plan, and then I want you to send that plan to two adversarial subagents. All right. The job of those two subagents is to prove your plan wrong.
00:03:16 Speaker 1
All right, so they are specifically looking for cases where you're making assumptions that aren't justified, and they can't be justified, or other ways to improve that. They're going to hand you back the plan with their findings, and they're also, in addition to just saying I found this wrong, they're going to tell you this is what I would do to fix it. Okay, so you're going to get that back from the two subagents in that first round, and you're going to verify all of those claims. Right, so if they made a claim that you made an assumption that is not verified. You're going to check that claim. You're going to verify, and you are going to be essentially the judge on which of those findings actually gets implemented, right? So you're going to be the main orchestrator. You hand it to the two subagents, you let them kind of look at that from a skeptical or very adversarial lens, and then you you ultimately have to verify and choose what goes forward. Once we have figured out what this final implementation is going to look like, I want you to do the implementation.
00:04:12 Speaker 1
All right, and I want you to really focus on performance throughout this process. As you can imagine, scheduling problems are very complex. These things can run for a long time, so we need to be cognizant and aware of essentially the computational performance as we're going. You do that implementation. Once you're done with the implementation, I want you to send it back out to one other subagent at that point, and then ask them to see if there's any errors in the implementation that you've actually done. If there are issues, you verify again and you fix. Okay, and then once that's done, okay. So at this point, we should have a validated plan. We should have an implementation that has been vetted. All right, and again, these subagents are trying to prove you wrong. Okay, once that's done, I want you to package this into some type of an artifact that I can use to understand these various trade-offs between these decisions.
00:05:04 Speaker 1
And ultimately, help me make the best decision. Right. So you need to think about this from the perspective of the user. Right. So you can use whatever you want. So you'll have access to Pixie. It's installed on this machine. You create your Pixie environment. You add whatever packages you think are preferable. You can make the artifact as a standalone HTML file that has kind of some type of interactivity that I can click around, or you could use some web service that's installable by Pixie. I would prefer you to do it standalone, so I could send it via an email. But again, you need to really look at this through the lens of who will be consuming. I understand scheduling problems. We might send this to someone, a business colleague, that doesn't. Right? They need to be able to quickly look at this artifact and kind of understand what's going on, and then understand those trade-offs in robustness. Instead of putting all the detail on the main page, you.
00:05:57 Speaker 1
You can make a second page with additional notes that talks about the methods and the various things that we consider. When you're done with that first version of that artifact, again, you're going to pass this out to subagents. I want you to run two loops of subagents. All right. So the way that this will work, you created that draft version one. You're going to hand this off to two subagents, and they're going to be specifically looking at how can they improve the visual clarity, the correctness. Of this visualization, you know, looking at things as figures and making sure that things are not overlapping, that we're we're using the best means possible to communicate these insights. All right, each one of them is going to return a score on various dimensions, so visual clarity, correctness of you know text and whatever prose we put up there. Help me understand what dimensions might be useful, right? But each one of them is going to return a numeric score between one to five, with five being the highest. Okay.
00:06:54 Speaker 1
They're going to send those scores back, and they're going to send back recommendations of things that they would improve. Okay, again, you're going to judge about what you're going to include in that process, make those implementations. You're going to send it back out to the agents. Okay, and we're going to continue this loop until that score no longer is improving between consecutive rounds, or we hit a maximum of five. Okay, one thing I want you to be really wary about. Is make sure that when you're scoping subagents, when you're sending things out to subagents, that you look at the intelligence required for the task and you scope the subagent appropriately. I don't need you to make a an extra subagent to go out and read an HTML file, right? So kind of look at the complexity of the task, and you know base your subagent choice off of that. Let's see what would be another thing at top of mind there.
00:07:55 Speaker 1
Ah, yeah. Make sure when you're looking at that artifact that you created, if it's HTML or a web server, you actually open it with a browser and visually look at it, right? Don't just inspect the code and say, "Oh, I think this would be overlapping," or try to ascertain things from the code. You have access to a browser on this machine. Chrome is installed. You're going to have Pixie. If you need to install a browser using Pixie, do that. But actually, put eyes on the product. Or the sub agent should be actually putting eyes on the product, and that's how they should be making their assessments. Asmender, any additional questions before we get started?