00:00:02 Nick Freeman
All right. So this folder contains a traveling salesman problem demo that we've been walking through to demonstrate the concept of construction and improvement heuristics. In particular, we've got a data set that includes the locations of various Home Depot stores across the United States. And we're using that as kind of you know the location set for a traveling salesman problem demo where we're looking to route a tour among instances in a selected subset of the states. So particularly for the construction improvement loop, what we're doing is we're using nearest neighbors to construct a solution, and we're basically iterating through all possible starting points, and then we.
00:00:51 Nick Freeman
Choose the nearest neighbor tour that is gives us the the smallest distance, and then we pass that over to an improvement algorithm. I think right now we're using subsequence reversal in a neighborhood search. All right. So what I want to do a few things that we've kind of noticed running this in class. We were using Polars, and there seemed to be a little bit of sluggishness, in particular in the computing the distance. So in the function that was doing the distance computation, so in the last class, what I did was I had refactored that to kind of just use you know more primitive Python objects. I believe that we were doing dictionary lookup, so I had the keys were a tuple of you know location origin to destination pairs, and we could look those up really quick, and that sped things up tremendously. So now what I want to do, you know, the the vision, the goal of all of this is to develop a web app.
00:01:47 Nick Freeman
Where I can essentially bring this thing up, I can select the states that I want to include in the set, and then be able to hit some type of a button that says route, and it kick off a construction improvement process that will determine a good route, and then it will visualize that for me. So again, it's going to be based off of the same data set. The app should come up, allow me to select locations, and then I can basically hit like a route button, and then it goes through the process. And I'd love to see some progress of like how, you know, the solution is progressing over time as we're doing that solve, and then once it's solved, to actually display that route. All right, so I want this thing to look really polished as well. So the way that I want this to work is I kind of want to set it up as like you know some different loops. So the the first thing I want to do.
00:02:39 Nick Freeman
We'll go into plan mode, and I will, you know, I basically want you to kind of, you know, do some, you know, understanding of the codebase and look into potential options for this application. Notice that we have a Pixy environment, so I'd like it to be something that I can run in Pixy or that's installable there. Preferably a Python library. Kind of go get a sense of like what would be the best way to approach this. And then go through an initial implementation of to kind of get this version one of this project in mind, or get this thing stood up. And then what I want you to do is is pass the once we get that first draft done, I want you to hand off the draft to subagents to just look for you know in that in that first phase, just really looking for you know issues related to correctness or are there ways that we can improve the efficiency of this.
00:03:31 Nick Freeman
So again, we get a version one. We're going to hand that over to two subagents or a set of subagents. You scope the subagent models based on the intelligence that you think the task needs. Get them to kind of look at it to make sure that everything is correct. That we've got you know we're considering the performance appropriately. That we've kind of got things optimized from a performance standpoint because these things can't take a quite a bit of time to run. And then when that's done, right, we've kind of got a good version one. We're confident that it's correct and that it's performant. I then want you to go through a loop of at most three iterations, where you're handing this off to subagents. In this case, maybe they're they're Luna subagents or Soul. Again, scope these appropriately for the task, and I want you to hand this over to different subagents that are particularly looking at, you know.
00:04:22 Nick Freeman
Ways to improve the aesthetics and kind of the functionality of the web app, right? So I really want things to be clear, dynamic, polished, aesthetically pleasing. So the way that I want this loop to run is at most three iterations. You hand this over to a set of subagents if you want to kind of you know. Develop personas or got personas for these subagents to look at different aspects or from a different lens. That would be that would be fine. And again, scope the subagents to what you think is appropriate, and go through a few rounds. And what's going to happen is in each one of the rounds, they're going to basically be instructed to kind of go look at the app from a few different criteria, and then they will provide objective scores between one to five, with five being the highest.
00:05:10 Nick Freeman
And then, for every issue or for every kind of thing that they see as an opportunity for improvement, I want them to report their findings and also to provide a recommendation for how they would, you know, maybe see a fix for that particular issue noted back to the main agent, right? So the main agent is going to be handing off to subagents. They're going to be looking at it from these different lenses, providing this report back with their findings and ways that they think things can be improved and objective scores on certain dimensions. Okay, and then you will basically take the findings. The main agent will take the findings, basically verify the correctness of those findings, choose which ones it's worth proceeding with, which ones should be you know just left along, and then go through an implementation phase and then hand it back over to the sub agents. Right. So we're going to do at most three rounds of that, and as we're doing this one, I actually want you to keep track of, and throughout this entire process, I want you to keep track of you know.
00:06:07 Nick Freeman
What work is done by which agents? If we can, maybe how much time and tokens are spent, and then at the you know as we get to this looping part, I want us to keep track of like how this loop has improved, how that overall, like if we wanted to look at that overall objective score, if we were to kind of average those objective scores for the various dimensions from those subagents coming back, how that progressed over the loop until the end. All right, because and once we get all that information, I want you to make an HTML document. And it kind of displays end to end. This is how this this entire process, from building that first implementation to really kind of doing that correctness check, all the way to the end of actually doing that loop for improvement. How did that work? That I can go back and kind of look at the process to see if there are ways that we could have maybe executed that process a little bit better. All right. So ask me any questions before you kick off. Otherwise, let's start building.